Add repo archive notice in README (#27)
rancherlabs/updatecli-automation: README.md

> ### Note: This repo and automation is now archived and kept for historical purpose. Teams in Rancher are using Updatecli on a per-repo setup, instead of on a central repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Note: This repo and automation is now archived and kept for historical purposes only. Teams in Rancher are using Updatecli on a per-repo setup, instead of on a central repo - which is the recommended approach going forwards.
```
